it would start with the wizard busy hurrying up to finish up/ wrap up for the day at work. he's "on support" this week, which means there's a small risk that he might have to do after work stuff if things become a problem. hes busy closing tabs and turning things off, and we can see that hes in a hurry. perhaps hes on the work phone, and hes talking / confirming to Mira that hes definitely going to be there to support her for her first opening act performance at Grims bar (this is a big deal for Mira cause this is the first time shes performing since shes been single) the wizard is comforting her, saying how great she'll do and that its good that shes leaving the house and doing social stuff again since he know how hard the breakup has been for her and that he'll be there to support her the wizard then gets an incoming call, says hes gotta go and picks up the incoming call, which is the cleric letting him know that hes in the parking lot ready to pick up the wizard. the wizard then starts clearing up his desk, and in the process doesn't see a last minute message/ notification that seems important and linked in some way to him being on support. the wizard then jumps out from his desk and we have brief sequence of him traveling down the tower that he works (wizards stereotypical have tall towers, so this one is like if a corporate office building and a wizard tower were combined together). the sequence is should ideally show him going through a bunch of other offices, boardrooms and the canteen, but they all have some kind of magical (but in a mundane kinda way) charm to them. 


the wizard then gets in the car with the cleric, and they have a discussion about the wizards scheme to ask Mira out after her performance at the bar later tonight, as he feels like the timing is good cause its been enough of a morning period after her break up. the cleric is apprehensive about this, as it still seems a bit too soon, and plus, the wizard is still a little bit upset over his ex Selina. the wizard brushes this off and says something to the effect that relationships aren't as clean cut and simple, and that hes been planning/ thinking about how hes going to execute tonight and that its time to finally do it. 

the cleric goes along seeing that the wizard isn't going to be convinced otherwise we then cut to them arriving at the bar, and after some pleasantries are exchanged between grim, the wizard and the cleric, Mira sees the wizard arrive and runs over to him and jumps into his airs with a big hug, making the wizards face go bright red and start to stutter saying its no big deal and whatever, with the cleric and grim both laughing behind Miras back, so the wizard can see but she cant see, before she politely side hugs the cleric for coming to support as well and then again thanking grim for allowing her to perform tonight, before being called over again to the stage to do something with the equipment. once its the 3 of them again, grim teases the wizard and it becomes apparent that he knows about the wizards scheme, as its all the wizards been talking about for the last while or so. 

there's an exchange about if the wizard is actually going to ask her out this time, and not chicken out like he has the last 5 or so other times he had a scheme that then got delayed or canceled etc etc. the wizard doubles down that tonight is going to be the night. then there's a time skip or so to just when Mira is about to perform, and she and the wizard have a private chat as shes nervous and the wizard calms her down and says shes going to do great, and that hes got something he wants to ask her after shes done. she looks at him quizzically, and then leaves to go back stage. at this moment, the wizard gets a buzz on his "magical pager" (or the magical equivalent of that) that there's an issue at work, and since hes on support, he needs to head to the office to go and fix it.

since he got a lift in the clerics car, he and the cleric quickly leave the bar, just as Mira is about to get on and start her performance, the wizard before leaving telling grim and asking him to cover for him, and that the wizard will be right back in time. the drive back to the office is frantic, with the wizard growing frustrated that the cleric is only going the speed limit and still rigorously following the rules of the road, with some heckling getting him to go very slightly over the speed limit. they arrive at work, and the wizard blots to the front door at the base of the tower, but realities that he's left his key card access at the bar. the cleric suggests going back again, but there's no time for that so the wizard, thinking on his feet, remembers that there's usually an open window in the corner of the ground floor canteen (which the viewers would've seen if they paid attention at the beginning) the wizard then hassles the cleric to help him out as they need to break into the office, to which the cleric protests cause that's against the rules and they could get into trouble, but the wizard successfully gets him to help him through the window. 

the cleric asks why he has to come along and the wizard cryptically says, just in case. it turns out that the tower/office block, when its locked up and its after hours, becomes a mini fantasy dungeon, and the wizard and cleric now have to do a mini dungeon crawl, first to the wizards office, and then down into the basement (the server room) in order to fix/ solve the problem. this wouldn't have been an issue normally if they had the key card, but now the stakes have been raised. we need a sequence where the wizard and cleric have to fight off classic D&D dungeon monsters, but re-contextualized into a corporate office/ dungeon kinda thing. the wizard blasts spells that similarly the sorts of things that d&d wizards would cast, like fireball or magic missile, but also again, re-contextualized into a more mundane, corporate office worker kinda thing, with the cleric also helping out with blessings and minor miracles they get to the wizards desk, after which he grabs his "work wand" and logs into his "magic computer" and turns off the office dungeon that they've just been through in a couple of clicks. 

he then realizes why he got paged in. he didn't see the posted message that popped up early in the day as he was leaving, which if he did, would've resolved the entire problem in the beginning. now its too late, and he has to go down to the basement and perform a banishment spell, as the server (id like to imagine is some kind of dungeon final boss, being some kind of fantasy monster or something that now needs to be rebound or re-trapped) and so they then walk to the back of the office, and now that the "office/ dungeon" has been reset, all the chaos and destruction has magically been reset back to normal and its like nothing ever happened, and in a rather anticlimactic affair, the wizard and cleric take an elevator down to the basement in silence They then have a high-stakes battle against the server (which forces them to do some quick thinking and maybe its a combination of the wizards spell and the cleric making use of one of his "useless" and hitherto unknown skill/ abilities) , they successfully manage to "fix" the server, and the wizard is able to log that the support ticket is fixed. before realising that Mira is about to finish her entire performance up and that the wizards scheme is about to flop. 

the wizard and cleric quickly rush back to the bar, and arrive just in time to catch the last few bits of miras performance. when mira finishes up, the wizard very sheepishly apologizes for missing it, something last minute at work came up, to which mira quite cheerfully (and unexpectedly) says not to worry and that shes glad he was there for the last bit. before the wizard is able to say anything next (or to confess his love) she turns around and introduces the wizard to "Darius" who she just met tonight as a result of her performing, and they got to chatting during the break, and it turns out that they both reconnecting now, since they both went to the same highschool and their parents actually know each other since they are in the same social circles. 

Darius (being very much a jock sort of character) says hi to the wizard and shakes his hand, almost hurting the wizard with the crushing strength of his handshake. Mira and the wizard then have a moment to themselves in which she thanks the wizard for all the support hes given her since her break up and the slump that shes been in, and that she wouldn't have done any of this without his support and that hes such a good friend. before the wizard is able to confess however his true feelings, Mira mentions how thanks to this, she realizes that being shut in was making things worse, and that shes ready to start dating again, and that Darius has asked her on a date tomorrow, and how great that is and thank you so much. 

the wizard, utterly defeated by this and all his schemes and planning now having turned to dust right before him, nevertheless says between tight teeth, "that's what friends are for" and that its no problem, after which Darius calls Mira over and she says bye by giving him a hug and then going off with Darius as hes offered to drop her off at place. the ep ends with the wizard being defeated over how the night turned out, and his plans all falling to pieces in front of him. grim and the cleric sigh with an understanding look and try and help console their friend and together all three laugh sardonically about the state of affairs.